(operatic music)
[Robert] We're to
kill the captains
with the Bankai we
took from them?
What will that accomplish?
[BG9] Well, surely our Soldats
will be able to handle them
now that they've been
rendered powerless.
[Jugram] There is something more
we must take from
the Soul Reapers,
their hope.
His Majesty predicts the
captains who have lost
their Bankai will use
what little time they have
looking for ways to
fight us without it.
They're not convinced they're
powerless.
They still believe
they can defeat us,
even without Bankai.
And with any luck, be able to
reclaim their stolen Bankai.
They have only an
outside chance,
but the Soul Reapers
are still clinging
to it as their last
hope, their only hope.
His Majesty intends to
shatter that illusion
to destroy both their
hopes and their Zanpakuto
and make them drink deep
from the cup of defeat
down to the last bitter dregs.
[As Nodt] So ruthlessly cruel.
I like it.
Well, I'll kill anybody you want
as long as I get to waste
that Doggy captain.
[Jugram] I will repeat His
Majesty's orders one last time.
"Exterminate the enemy
and do it quickly."
("STARS" by w.o.d)
(singing in Japanese)
-("STARS" by w.o.d)
-(singing in Japanese)
(operatic music)
(Kiyone gasping)
Captain!
The Seireitei, it's, it's...
[Sentaro] Captain Ukitake,
we have an emergency!
[Shunsui] Good grief.
I always figured they'd try
to invade the Seireitei
again without warning.
That's why I went ahead and
set traps all over the place.
But I never imagined that
this would be the way
they'd do it, that's
for damn sure.
[Yhwach] You ignorant fools.
A thousand years ago when
we Quincies lost the war,
we were left with nowhere to go.
So we fled from the
World of the Living
into the Seireitei, the
last place where you
Soul Reapers would
expect us to hide.
It was then just a
matter of using Reishi
to create hidden
spaces for ourselves
within the shadows
of the Seireitei.
And we called this
invisible empire,
the Wandenreich.
[Akon] Damn it!
[Hiyosu] What's going on?
What the hell's happening?
What is this?
[Nakk Le Varr] It's called
successful planning.
You see, unlike the
World of the Living,
the Soul Society is
positively overflowing
with Reishi, which is,
as everyone knows,
the source of our power.
The possibilities
were limitless.
It's been a thousand
years now that we've been
safely hidden away
in the shadows,
slowly building up our strength.
[Jugram] In other words, this
time, just like last time,
we didn't invade the
Seireitei by piercing
the Soul Shield Membrane
because we were already
inside the Membrane.
Well, in that case, welcome.
And thanks for the explanation.
You certainly found your way
to the captain's
room quickly enough.
Clearly, the enemy's got
some capable men serving
in the ranks.
I am Jugram Haschwalth,
Sternritter Grandmaster
and aid to the emperor.
And I'm Captain Shunsui
Kyoraku, 13 Court Guard Squad
Head Captain, in fact.
But I was only just appointed,
so maybe you didn't know that.
Or does the fact that you're
here mean you did know?
[Jugram] I did.
That's why I came
here straight away.
[Shunsui] Why so impatient?
I'd think you'd want
to savor this battle
you've been waiting a
thousand years for.
His Majesty is a
great lover of peace.
He believes strongly that
the shorter the battle,
the better it is.
That's why his one order
to us was very specific,
"Exterminate the enemy
and do it quickly."
I see.
Hold on, just how
did you get in here?
[R&D Member]
Where'd you come from?
Honestly, come on.
Didn't you hear
what I just said?
For officers of Research
and Development,
you people aren't
very bright, are you?
I didn't come from anywhere.
I've been right here
the entire time.
(all gasp)
[Mayuri] Exactly.
(mysterious string music)
You Quincies have been hiding
in the shadows all along.
Two separate worlds
existing in the same place,
never coming in contact
with one another.
I must say, to create an
entire other world hidden
inside the shadows,
it has to be one of the most
absurd ideas I've ever heard.
But that said,
it's exactly the kind of
absurdity that I admire.
[Akon] Captain, what
are you wearing?
[Mayuri] Analyzing
the data I collected
during our last battle,
I came to the conclusion
that in some way,
shadows played a key role
in the Quincy invasion.
So I took the precaution
of modifying the design
and lighting of my laboratory,
eliminating the presence
of any shadows whatsoever.
Now then, you implied that
we weren't very bright
in this department.
Let's see if I can't change
your mind before you go.
(fighters shouting)
(weapons clanking)
Hold steady.
We can't let them get past us!
-(fire roaring)
-(screams)
(Bazz-B laughing) It's a
little too late for that.
Can't you see this invasion's
already over, you idiots?
Nevermind, don't
bother answering.
Well, go on.
Head to the next target.
[Quincies] Yes, sir!
Now, then. (groans)
Huh?
[Toshiro] You're right.
It may be too late to stop
you from getting through,
but whether your flames can get
through is another question.
Hmm.
Wait a sec, I recognize you.
I know who you are!
You're that little ice captain
that got his Bankai stolen
by Cang Du, aren't ya?
Captain of Squad 10,
Toshiro Hitsugaya.
And I'm Sternritter H,
The Heat, Bazz-B!
(fire roaring)
Fire and ice, I'd say
we make a good match up.
This is gonna be exciting!
We'll just have to see.
[Marechiyo] What is going on?
Where'd the mansion go?
None of this makes any sense.
Huh?
Don't go.
Please don't go, Big Brother.
I'm so scared.
Please, please stay
here with me. (sobbing)
I can't.
I have to go.
[Mareyo] But, Big Brother...
Mareyo, the last thing I
want is for you to be scared,
but you're old
enough to understand
that I wouldn't leave you
here if I didn't have to.
I'm leaving in order to
protect not only you,
but Saburo too, and Big
Sister, Father and Mother,
our neighbors Gondawara
and Kanemitsu,
and most of all, the Seireitei.
I'm a member of the 13
Court Guard Squads.
It's my duty.
You wouldn't want your big
brother shirking his duty
now, would you?
(Mareyo crying)
[Marechiyo] Ah, come on now.
Don't cry.
I'll come back
safely, I promise.
(explosion erupts)
[Marechiyo] You!
The guy who stole Captain
Soi Fon's Bankai!
(wind blowing)
(explosion erupts)
(Soul Reapers groan)
Fall back!
We'll take care of this area.
[Soul Reapers] Right!
(ice shattering)
All right, all right.
I can shatter your
ice just like that.
Why don't you stop this
useless resistance
and beg for mercy?
The winning side doesn't
usually beg for mercy
where I come from.
Oh, you're a cocky
one, aren't ya?
(fire roaring)
Let me help you.
Thanks, I could use it.
I'm having a bit of trouble.
I can't seem to
produce enough ice.
(Rangiku gasps)
What?
Well, I was just thinking
that maybe you losing
your Bankai wasn't
all bad after all.
I mean, seeing you rely on
me, Captain, is so cute!
Rangiku!
All right, then.
Let's see what I can do.
Growl, Haineko!
Get ready for Operation
Mille-feuille.
[Toshiro] I don't remember
giving it that name!
What's so special about that?
It looks like an
ordinary ice wall.
Haineko, house!
It's still just ice!
(flames roaring)
It didn't melt?
Operation Mille-feuille
is a huge success!
Okay, what the hell is that?
Seeing as how I'm
feeling generous,
I'll tell you our secret.
First, I used my
Haineko to create
multiple thin layers of ash.
Then, the Captain
covered those layers
with a very thin layer of ice.
Then three, two, one, meow.
Finally, I just turned my
Haineko back into a sword.
Voila, a beautiful mille-feuille
of ice with vacuum layers.
-It works the same way
-Well, actually, no.
-as a thermos bottle
-It's more like a-
with the vacuum layers
preventing the heat
from getting through.
(rock music)
[Toshiro] Of any
captain's Zanpakuto,
my Hyorinmaru is probably the
one with the least difference
between its Shikai
and Bankai powers.
As a result of this, the
amount of ice that I'm able
to produce has been
drastically reduced.
To compensate, I've been
diligently training myself
to fight with less ice.
It seems I'm able to block
flames of your level.
But then, that really isn't
saying very much, is it?
Cocky bastard!
(flames roaring)
[Toshiro] We told you,
it won't get through.
And now
I'm going to shred you
with a blade of vacuum ice.
(ice crackling)
(Bazz-B gasps)
(ice crashing)
I'd say we've just
proven we can go
toe-to-toe with any Quincy,
even without our Bankai.
What is this?
(eerie music)
(sword clangs)
[Nanao] Hakudan Keppeki.
It's a barrier that
can very effectively,
if only temporarily,
block your Quincy powers.
Squad 1 Co-lieutenant
Nanao Ise, is it?
You developed this Kido?
You seem to know who I am.
So you probably know
that my talent
with Kido is the only reason
I was made a lieutenant.
[Shunsui] Come on,
that's not true.
[Nanao] Devising a Kido
to use against you
wasn't that difficult.
During your last invasion,
you Quincies left traces
of your Spiritual Pressures
all over the Seireitei.
You were practically
inviting us to come
up with a countermeasure.
(Marechiyo groans)
[Maryeo] Big Brother!
Mareyo, don't worry,
I'll be fine.
Run!
Run and hide!
(Mareyo yelps)
[BG9] Where is your
squad's captain?
This is the third time I've
asked, and it will be the last.
Are you stupid or something?
I already told you,
I have no idea!
It's not like I'm hiding her.
I'd be happy if you found her,
'cause I know she'd make
scrap metal out of you.
[BG9] That's the third time
you've refused to answer.
So I'll try asking
a different way.
Huh?
(emotional instrumental music)
(Mareyo gasps)
[Mareyo] Big Brother!
(Marechiyo groans)
Did you think I'd
let you touch a hair
on my sister's head,
you Quincy bastard?
(dramatic operatic music)
(weapon whirring)
Down, Mareyo!
Get down!
(weapon blasting)
(weapon explodes)
[Soi Fon] I thought you Quincies
were still using
bows and arrows.
(bullets thudding)
Apparently, you're a
little more advanced
than I was led to believe.
[BG9] There was no
reading on my sensors.
[Soi Fon] You didn't
know the Stealth Force
could hide our
Spiritual Pressure?
Soi Fon, 9th Head
of the Fon Clan,
Captain of Squad 2
and Supreme Commander
of the Stealth Force.
But what is that I see?
What is it?
With all that intel
you've got on me,
I can't believe you really
don't know what this is.
It's Shunko.
[BG9] That, I know, but yours...
[Soi Fon] Mine was
far from perfect
the last time we
fought, wasn't it?
(dramatic instrumental music)
You're saying you've
perfected the technique
in that short of time?
(dramatic instrumental music)
Mukyu Shunko.
(explosion erupts)
[Nakk Le Varr] Hmm.
Hmm.
Hm-hm-hmm.
Ah, forget it.
No, sorry, it's not happening.
I can see it'll
take too much time.
[Mayuri] What do
you mean by that?
What will take too much time?
I'm just imagining the number
of scenarios I'd have
to experiment with
in order to kill you.
I'm fatally lazy
when it comes down
to that kind of detail work.
I like just getting
it over with.
No, you go fight
with someone else.
So long.
(footsteps echoing)
You're not even going
to try and stop me?
You're perfectly free to
leave, as far as I'm concerned.
I need time to study your
Spiritual Pressure anyway,
so go if you want.
Unless, of course, what
you really want is to try
and trap me by luring
me into your space.
Oh, you're good.
I'm just happy I didn't
give away my abilities.
(explosion erupts)
That Spiritual Pressure,
is that Soi Fon?
[Crowd Member] It appears so.
She's overpowering the enemy,
even without her Bankai!
I knew it.
Just as His Majesty predicted.
Huh?
You understand what
this means, don't you?
If it's as His Majesty foretold,
this could prove fatal,
and I don't mean for our side.
(footsteps echoing)
[Rangiku] That
Spiritual Pressure.
Captain Soi Fon must
have been successful too.
Captain, shouldn't we go
and assist the others?
[Bazz-B] Well, hey now,
what's with the cold shoulder?
You're not seriously thinking
of leaving, are you?
We're still just feeling
each other out here.
I've got news for you, frosty.
I'm just getting started.
(ice shattering)
(ominous music)
So you think you've
trained well enough
to block flames at my level?
You know, I wish you did
have your Bankai right now.
Man, I could have shown
you that one finger
of mine would be
more than enough
to defeat your
pathetic Bankai ice.
(ice crackling)
I don't feel a thing.
We need to regroup!
Fall back, Rangiku!
I'll hold him off
with Ryojin Hyoheki.
Right.
[Bazz-B] A wall of
finely woven ice, huh?
None of your little tricks
will do any good.
All I need is this one finger.
Burner Finger One!
(fire blasting)
(ominous music)
(Soi Fon grunts)
(building crashing)
So you're actually still
breathing, you freak?
(ominous music)
[BG9] I was never breathing
in the first place.
(Soi Fon gasps)
Mukyu Shunko.
You've provided me with
some very useful data,
but all the same,
I'm disappointed.
If that's all you've got,
I won't even need to use
the Bankai I took from you.
(missiles blasting)
Captain, no!
You'll need more than that to-
(Soi Fon gasps)
(foreboding music)
Damn it!
(explosion erupts)
I have one more
question for you.
Are the other captains able
to use this spell as well?
No.
Instead of mastering that Kido
and calling it a day,
you should have thought
of refining it so that
others could use it as well.
If you had done that,
then at least your captains
could have died fighting
instead of being
slaughtered like sheep.
(action music)
Hey, hey, where you going?
Captains don't run away.
I told you that's not
gonna work! (laughs)
Now what's this, some
kind of ice fog?
You're wasting your time!
Burning Stomp!
Huh?
Now, what the hell are you
doing still standing there?
You should have
escaped in that fog.
Now what's your plan?
Well, I don't know if I'd
call it a plan, exactly.
It's more like,
more like a trap.
What do you mean, a trap?
Rokui Hyoketsujin.
(ice crackling)
(dramatic instrumental music)
(ice crashing)
You've got to be kidding!
Exactly. You took the words
right out of my mouth.
Be careful or you're
gonna make me angry enough
to use a second finger on ya.
Okay, that does it.
Burner Finger Two!
(fire blasting)
(dramatic instrumental music)
That's enough, Bazz-B.
Back off.
We agreed that all of
these captains who had
their Bankai stolen would
be left to whichever one
of us took it from them.
This one's mine
Huh?
It seems two Spiritual
Pressures have disappeared.
[R&D Member] Yes, Captains
Soi Fon and Hitsugaya.
Just as I feared,
it's beginning to look like
I'm the only one capable
of fighting without Bankai.
[Kisuke] Hello?
Oh, I got through.
Wait, is that?
[Kisuke] It's me, Kisuke.
Hey, there.
Good news, I found a way to
reclaim everyone's Bankai.
Huh?
(amp buzzing)
("Endroll" by Yoh Kamiyama)
(singing in Japanese)
[Ichibe] It begins
but does not end.
Names wither in the silence
in an abyss of rolling clouds.
Raindrops fill an empty vessel.
Those who are unworthy
to be a vessel succumb
to its weight as
it turns to stone.
It breaks apart and
turns to gravel.
Pounding rain
reduces it to dust.
For such a vessel,
there is no way out.
What is this heaviness I feel?
[Ichibe] But if one
does not enter,
there is no path.
(suspenseful music)
Those who are about to perish,
call it
(suspenseful music)
Irazusando.
[Bambietta] I will
splatter your life
on the wall, just
like I do with love.
-("Endroll" by Yoh Kamiyama)
-(singing in Japanese)